[Music]
all right so how this entire story came
about is unlike anything we've ever
really done before so hang tight we've
made a couple in a nightclub in Bangkok
a few days earlier who had said yes to
coming to our rooftop pool party when a
stranger says yes to any of our crazy
requests we pretty much instantly become
friends now at our events Peter and Jill
explained to us that they recently got
engaged but are uncertain about whether
they'll be able to go on a proper
honeymoon or not because of timing
issues so that gave us some ideas to
thank them for saying yes and to
celebrate their marriage we thought what
if we Surprise them with a spontaneous
trip to an island across the country
they've never been to before
they had no idea that we had planned any
of this the night before leaving we went
to their hotel to see if they'd be open
to another spontaneous yes
[Music]
you guys
right there
did you plan this before you came to
Bangkok yeah
let's kidnap these guys thank you so
much never seen you took a nap you
excited
sure do we like back at it again depends
all these empty seats in the play and
I'm sitting right here
[Music]
[Applause]
come on
you know you want to
[Applause]
[Music]
are you ng space to sleep in the hi are
you gonna wake up with petals we don't
want them to be alright so Matt and I
joined um our last night and we're gonna
be surprising them all day today with a
little pre wedding so basically we're
gonna take these guys through that we
actually have a young couple in love
what a beautiful thing
now on one side there's comfort but on
the other side of marriage there's a lot
of discomfort so we want to get you guys
ready for that other side
but what do I know about marriage
absolutely nothing I've been in one
relationship my whole life and it didn't
last very long at all we're going to
take you through three different
challenges let's begin with the honesty
okay so number one you guys met on
tinder so were you guys there for a
relationship through there for and what
were your first thoughts about each
other he was like two and a half hours
late and spent the first 10 minutes on
Instagram it wasn't a great first
impression
but then she was pretty hilarious so
what has been your favorite feature in
the other and the feature you find most
annoying
and what really drew me to him what I
found very attractive is he's a very
ambitious person his worst trait I would
say okay I know it he can be a bit
neurotic like he micromanages if he's
really tired all right Peter Harris her
best feature is that she's super
understanding reasonable and time
alright let's get to the I might need a
bit longer if we can we agree that we're
gonna meet at a time in a place you're
careful with every word you guys have
completed the first test of the day and
after your massage Thomason Tipton will
take you to the next one flexibility
this class is all about flexibility in a
relationship and I'm definitely going
for it I've never been in a relationship
lasted more than three months the key in
any relationship is not only to give
yourself the flexibility to grow
together to grow individually and
nurture to each other's passion flat
each other do anything you are not sure
if it's the best advice since I've never
been in a successful relationship let me
tell you what flexibility if I'd met the
three men for 30 years making videos and
they spread you in all kinds of ways you
were never expecting I can just split
you say about each other that you're
flexible not physically cuz no one can
beat me
I learned a lot what did you guys
actually think of this kind of crappy
advice welcome sit please
I'm yes series editor editing I've
learned is a lot like a marriage it's
extremely nerve-wracking one thing I've
learned from editing is patience
say I'm editing for four hours I think
it's awesome and I finally watch it back
and I see that it's not as funny as I
thought it was smash this computer and
quit everything and delete all the
videos on the channel you take a breath
start from scratch and you slowly go
through Jill at the wedding
there's a floral decoration and you had
it in your mind since you were 7 years
old exactly how you want it and you look
at it and it's not all the way you
thought do you tear up the flowers from
the garden door to the nearest gardener
chop it down his throat and kick them
into the nearest pond
No what you do is calmly walk back to
your rooms scream into a pillow so Peter
at a wedding expect things to go raw
breathing to go wrong you'd be a massive
fire that's just freaking out you got to
be there for her just the way
whoa patience Oh so keep sane and a
happy marriage and a happy life you know
thank you
I had a brilliant idea
all right so I think you should be
proposed tonight since until this
proposal story and it's freakin
hilarious
pretty much everything went terribly
wrong basically in a nutshell posing a
jet ski he hit her with his shoulder she
was bleeding when the gastric the
married himself we think we could give
him another chance
every proposing in front of a big crowd
Brees actually like say yes to that beer
what do you think I would absolutely
love that no one will know that you're
reproducing to people this is the first
time you're doing it
I should never have said yes to this
[Music]
this is not my speech to give this is an
amazing
[Music]
this was truly a memorable time for us
as much as it was for Peter and Jim we
got to learn a lot about what it takes
to build a strong and sustainable
relationship obviously as we gave them
some of the best relationship advice
they've ever heard all jokes aside the
one specific lesson I was reminded of on
this trip is that the key to any
fruitful relationship or friendship is
to always be invested in the other
person's growth also three years ago
today a mom and I uploaded the very
first video we've ever made together so
happy three years of the best partners
in crime I could have ever asked for all
right off to Matt what is going on guys
thank you so much for watching this
video I know this looks weird but we are
currently in a hotel room in budapest
right now with what's going on we have
been traveling a lot we came from
Thailand to Europe and it's been pretty
intense
and because we've been traveling so much
and moving around so much it's so
friggin hard to find time to do what I
love the most which is Reid so I and
along with the guys have been using an
amazing app called blankest it's an app
that condenses the best info and
insights from thousands and thousands of
books especially nonfiction books into
15-minute reads with so many books in
the world I love the fact that I can
just skim through the most important
parts of these books and then decide
whether I actually want to read the full
book or move on to the next we've
partnered up with them on this video so
the first 100 people that signed out to
the link below are gonna be able to try
out blankets for free for one week one
week trial so make sure to sign up if
you're big reader like me click the link
below and try it out what's amazing also
is that if you don't even like reading
you can just listen to it as well I'm
gonna leave with my three book
recommendations under the link below so
you guys can get a head start and think
you get so much for watching we'd love
you guys and see you next Sunday
[Music]